Sing it, Drax!
Why are we doing this again?
It's a distress
signal, Rocket.
Someone could be dying.
I get that,
but why are we doing it?
'Cause we're nice.
And maybe whoever it is
will give us a little
cheddar cheese for our effort.
- Which isn't the point.
I mean, if he
doesn't pony up...
We take his ship.
- Exactly!
- Bingo!
All right!
We are arriving.
All right, Guardians,
don't forget this
might be dangerous...
so let's put on
our mean faces.
Groot, put that
thing away, now.
I don't wanna tell you again.
Groot.
I am Groot!
- Whoa!
- Language!
- Hey!
- Wow.
You got some
acorns on you, kid.
Ever since you
got a little sap,
you're a total d-hole.
Now, keep it up, and I'm gonna
smash that thing to pieces.
What happened?
Oh, my God.
Looks like we're
not getting paid.
Wipers! Wipers!
Get it off.
How the hell
is this dude still alive?
He is not a dude.
You're a dude.
This... This is a man.
A handsome, muscular man.
I'm muscular.
But who are you
kidding, Quill?
You're one sandwich
away from fat.
Yeah, right.
It's true, Quill.
You have put on weight.
What?
Gamora, do you think I'm...
He is anxious, angry.
He feels tremendous
loss and guilt.
It's like a pirate had
a baby with an angel.
Wow.
This is a real wake-up
call for me. Okay.
I'm gonna get a Bowflex.
I'm gonna commit.
I'm gonna get some dumbbells.
You know you can't
eat dumbbells, right?
It's like his muscles
are made of
Cotati metal fibers.
Stop massaging his muscles.
Wake him up.
Wake.
Who the hell are you guys?
♪ There's a woman
on the outside
♪ Looking inside,
does she see me?
♪ No, she does not
really see me
♪ 'Cause she sees
her own reflection
♪ And I'm trying
not to notice
♪ That she's hitching
up her skirt
♪ And while she's
straightening her stockings
♪ Her hair has
gotten wet
What can I get ya?
Where was this
photograph taken?
An airport.
Where's Pegasus?
That's classified.
Not unlike the file
I started on you.
But I see you've changed
it up a bit since then.
Grunge is a good look for you.
Did you have a rough day,
Agent Fury?
It was cool, you know?
Had a space invasion,
big car chase.
Got to watch an alien autopsy.
Typical nine-to-five.
So you saw one?
I was never one
to believe in aliens...
but I can't unsee that.
This is gonna get a little
awkward, but I gotta ask.
You think I'm one of those
green things.
Can't be too careful.
You are looking at
100% red-blooded Earth man.
I'm afraid
I'm gonna need proof.
We talking cheek swab
or urine sample?
No. The DNA would match.
Want my AOL password?
Skrulls can only sim
recent memories
- of their host bodies.
- Oh, oh.
You wanna get personal.
- Where were you born?
- Huntsville, Alabama.
But technically,
I don't remember that part.
- Name of your first pet?
- Mr. Snoofers.
- Mr. Snoofers?
- That's what I said.
Do I pass?
Not yet. First job?
Soldier.
Straight out of high school.
Left the ranks
a full bird colonel.
- Then?
- Spy.
- Where?
- It was the Cold War.
We were everywhere.
Uh, Belfast. Bucharest.
Belgrade. Budapest.
I like the B's.
I can make them rhyme.
- Now?
- Been riding a desk
for the past six years...
trying to figure out where our
future enemies
are coming from.
Never occurred to me
they would be coming
from above.
Name a detail so bizarre
a Skrull could never
fabricate it.
If toast is cut diagonally,
I can't eat it.
You didn't need that, did you?
No. No, I didn't.
But I enjoyed it.
Okay. Your turn.
Prove you're not a Skrull.
How long has the
Kree-Skrull war been going on?
- Thousands of years.
And yet still the Skrull
plague is ever present.
One of you could be a Skrull
and we wouldn't know it.
Is it you?
Are you a Skrull?
What about you?
You sure you're not a Skrull?
As the strongest remaining empire,
we proudly defend not just ourselves,
but every nation
too weak to fight. We...
How do we know
you're not a Skrull, Commander?
There's no greater example
of Kree potential
than the mighty Vers.
The commander's right about the Skrulls.
They took everything from me.
My home, my family,
my memory.
Our leader, the Supreme Intelligence,
saved me, gave me purpose
and this implant,
so I can fight back.
- Did it hurt?
- No.
What's the Supreme Intelligence like?
So vast
our minds can't even comprehend
its true image.
So when we commune
with the Supreme Intelligence,
it appears to each of us
as a unique virtual form,
as the person we respect
and admire above all others.
So you see yourself, huh?
Who do you see?
Everyone back to work.
I slipped.
Right, you slipped
as a result of me
punching you in the face.
I was already slipping
when you happened
to punch me in the face.
The two events
were not related.
You have to let go
of the past.
I don't remember my past.
It's causing you doubt,
and doubt
makes you vulnerable.
Control it.
There's nothing more dangerous
to a warrior than emotion.
Once we get the component
and power up the tunnel...
we'll get the message,
and have you home by lunch.
We have to hurry.
The entanglement won't last.
- We good?
- Yeah.
I'll be right back.
- Can I have one of these?
- No.
Ah. Susan!
Welcome to Oui!
Sonny!
Oui is French
for "yes."
As in "yes" to farm-to-table,
"yes" to locally sourced...
and "yes" to planet
before profit.
Well, let's hope
it also means "yes"
to "Do you have the component
I ordered?"
You know, I have always loved
your sense of humor, Susan.
Have a seat.
No, I'm good. Thank you.
Who is this guy?
Sonny Burch. He traffics
in black market technology.
He's been getting us what
we need to build the tunnel.
Could I just have one...
No.
You know, I have
a special friend at the FBI.
And I say "special"...
because, well,
he tells me things
that I didn't previously know.
For example...
your name isn't Susan.
It's Hope Van Dyne.
And your unseen associate,
that's your father, Hank Pym.
- That's not good, Hank.
- No shit.
What do you want?
Relationships
are built on trust, Hope.
And I want our relationship
to have a strong foundation.
Our relationship?
My business landscape
has been shifting, Hope.
Hell, S.H.I.E.L.D. and HYDRA
don't even exist anymore...
but now, Hank Pym...
Hank Pym
is a real opportunity.
Do you have a point?
Oh, you think
that I don't know
what you've been building
with all this?
Quantum technology.
Now, you can forget nanotech,
forget AI,
forget cryptocurrency.
Quantum energy is the future.
It's the next gold rush.
Is that so?
I want in, Hope.
So, as a gesture of good will,
I have taken the liberty...
of arranging some buyers
for your lab.
Starting bid...
one billion dollars.
Thank you, Sonny, really.
But my father and I
have something
slightly more pressing
than starting a business.
So I'll just take
the component as arranged.
My buyers don't take no
for an answer.
So, we are
either in business together...
or we aren't
in business together.
Then I guess we aren't.
You can go.
But I'm afraid your money's
gonna have to remain.
Let's call it compensation
for my injured feelings.
Listen, Sonny.
This is gonna be
so much easier on everybody
if you just give me
that component.
Darlin', the only thing
you're takin' from here...
is my heart,
but it will mend in time.
Okay.
So, now what?
You'll see.
She said her and her daddy
had something pressing.
- Mmm-hmm.
- I want to know what it is
because if they're not working
with us...
they're working with somebody.
So find out.
I want some names...
Hold on, you gave her wings?
Get her.
Not my turn-of-the-century
chandelier!
Stop firing! Stop!
All right, take this.
Go. Go, go, go!
Go!
Wings and blasters.
So I take it you didn't have
that tech available for me.
No, I did.
It was a pleasure doing
business with you, Sonny.
Oh, our business
isn't finished yet, Hope.
I can assure you of that!
What in the hell is that?
Dad, are you seeing this?
Hope, get out of there!
- I gotta do something.
- Wait!
It is still a
work in progress.
You taught me
that kick. Remember?
Yeah, great form.
Those were the days.
Whatever happened to us?
Not the time, Scott.
Damn it, where'd it go?
I've lost it.
I'm not seeing anything
on the ant cams.
Try looking...
Dad?
Give me that.
Now.
- Are you okay?
- No!
He got the lab.
No.
Come on!
One hundred twenty days
since the last Skrull attack.
Has anyone ever seen
what the Supreme Intelligence
really looks like?
No one can look upon
the Supreme Intelligence
in its true form.
You know that.
Our subconscious chooses
the way they appear to us.
So it's sacred. It's personal.
No Kree divulges it, ever.
Who do you see?
- Your brother?
- No.
- Father?
- Your old commander?
- Vers.
It's me you see, isn't it?
I see what you're
trying to do.
- Is it working?
- Yes.
But you won't succeed
in changing the subject.
What is the point of
giving me these...
if you don't want me
to use them?
I want you to use them.
The Supreme Intelligence
gave me a responsibility...
of showing you
how to use them.
I know how.
Yeah, if that were true,
you'd be able to
knock me down without them.
Control your impulses.
Stop using this,
start using this.
I want you to be
the best version of yourself.
Vers.
Intelligence.
Your commander insists
that you're fit to serve.
I am.
You struggle
with your emotions...
with your past,
which fuels them.
You are just one victim
of the Skrull expansion...
that has threatened our
civilization for centuries.
Imposters who silently infiltrate...
then take over our planets.
Horrors that you remember...
and so much that you do not.
It's all blank.
My life.
You're supposed
to take the form
of who I most admire...
but I don't even remember
who this person was to me.
Perhaps this is a mercy
sparing you
from a deeper pain.
Freeing you to do
what all Kree must...
put your people's needs
before your own.
We've given you a great gift.
The chance to fight
for the good of all Kree.
I want to serve.
Then master yourself.
What was given
can be taken away.
I won't let you down.
We'll know soon enough.
You have a mission.
Serve well, and with honor.
What was that?
I don't know.
But we need to find
somewhere to regroup
and figure out
where the lab is.
So, where to now?
How about my house? Hmm?
I'm supposed
to be there anyway,
and Woo could walk in
any second.
Exactly why we're not going
to your house.
What about your house?
Sorry.
Well, there is one place
I can think of.
No.
No, no, no, no!
No!
Wow, Dr. Pym...
who would've thought that,
once again,
in your hour of need...
that you would turn to us,
you know?
Not me.
Mmm. Help yourself.
Hey, what's up
with the fancy pastry?
We gotta keep
the food budget down.
Well, what are we supposed
to have for breakfast?
The oatmeal packets.
Oatmeal packets.
- It's insult.
- Why is it an insult?
Because it tastes like sand.
You know why?
'Cause it's organic.
It's not organic, it's sand.
It's the most important
meal of the day.
You know what,
you can get creative with it.
Break teeth.
Put a little brown sugar on it.
You can put some cinnamon.
Put a little honey.
Whatever you want...
Guys, guys, guys.
Come on, man.
We got bigger fish to fry.
Is that my desk?
- Yeah.
- What?
Why do I have
such a small desk?
Because you weren't there
when we were choosing desks.
You snooze, you lose.
Well, I was
under house arrest.
Yeah.
You know what,
this isn't even a desk.
This is garbage.
You found this outside
amongst garbage.
I got it at a rummage sale.
So, you save money
on my desk?
Guys.
Hope, please,
we need to focus, all right?
We gotta find
that lab already. Jeez.
Oh, you know what?
I heard stories,
like what happened to you.
This crazy, creepy cat, who
walks through walls and stuff.
Like a ghost.
Like Baba Yaga.
Baba Yaga, the witch.
They tell stories to children
to frighten them.
You know Baba Yaga?
Whoever stole it...
we need to find it.
Oh, you don't find someone
like that. They find you.
Like Baba Yaga.
Dr. Pym, you're the
smartest genius I know.
Didn't you put some kind of
LoJack on your lab?
Because if you didn't,
we have a variety
of affordable options.
Of course I did, Luis.
It was disabled.
Whoever stole the lab knew
exactly what they were doing.
They also looked like
they were phasing.
Phasing?
Quantum phasing.
When an object moves
through different states
of matter.
Oh, yeah,
that's what I was thinking.
The lab emits radiation.
Can we modify a quantum
spectrometer and track it?
That could work, yes, but all
my equipment is in the lab.
Where else can we find
that equipment?
Well, there is one person.
Bill Foster.
Great!
Who's Bill Foster?
He's an old colleague of
my dad's, from S.H.I.E.L.D.
They had a falling out
years ago.
You seem to have a lot of
falling outs with people.
It's probably
just a waste of time.
Hey, I'm risking everything
by being here.
Don't you think
we should check?
We need to find out
who took the lab.
This can't be good.
Must be another Skrull attack.
Whatever it is, it's big.
Has a Skrull ever simmed you?
Once.
- It was deeply disturbing.
- Why?
Because I stared into
the face of my mortal enemy...
and the face staring back
was my own.
Maybe if you were
more attractive,
then it would be
less disturbing.
You think you're funny,
but I'm not laughing.
You never laugh.
I laugh on the inside.
I'm not doing that now.
It's funny 'cause,
objectively speaking,
you're quite handsome.
Well, thank you.
Listen up, team.
Knock it off.
All right.
Prepare for...
a search and rescue
of our spy, Soh-Larr.
The Skrulls have invaded
yet another border planet.
This time, Torfa.
Soh-Larr sent us a warning.
The signal was intercepted,
and his cover's blown.
The Skrull general, Talos,
has sent kill units
to find him.
Should they reach him
before we do...
the intelligence he's acquired
over three years
is as good as theirs.
The Accusers will bomb
a Skrull stronghold
here in the south.
We slip in,
we locate Soh-Larr...
and we get out,
leaving them none the wiser.
The Torfan populace.
We are not to interfere
with them,
nor them with us.
Nothing compromises
the security of our mission.
Proceed with caution.
Follow protocol
before extracting him.
This is a dangerous mission.
We must all be ready
to join the Collective
if that is our fate today.
For the good of all Kree.
For the good of all Kree!
Vers, track Soh-Larr's beacon.
Att-Lass, Minn-Erva,
find elevation.
Locals on the periphery.
Maybe a dozen.
Minn-Erva?
Do you read me?
Does anybody copy?
Repeat.
His beacon's coming from
that temple. Let's move.
No. This is a perfect spot
for an ambush.
Only one way in,
only one way out.
We can get past the locals.
We don't know if they are locals.
Too risky.
You don't have to go with me.
I'll go alone.
No, you won't.
Right. We keep a close radius.
We lose comms,
we meet back at the Helion.
Come on.
Att-Lass, you getting this?
Copy. I see them.
Get back!
Commander?
Get back! Back!
Minn-Erva?
Do you have eyes on this?
Keep them back.
Minn-Erva?
Does anybody copy?
I don't wanna hurt you.
Keep back!
Stay back!
They're locals.
I found two dead. No green.
They're just starving.
HGX-78.
TRT79-VVX6.
Get back.
Skrulls!
Vers!
Vers? Skrulls.
It's an ambush.
Incoming!
Back to the Helion.
Vers. Do you copy?
Come in. Vers.
How did you know the code?
How about
I tell you my secret...
when you've told me yours?
Let's open her up.
Where are we?
Stand by.
Go back even further.
That's right! Fonzie's never
lost a Holitacker yet.
Yeah, and we got the
home planet advantage.
Am I the only one
that's confused here?
Just count to three,
then, specimen.
Can you do this?
Eep!
This can't be right.
Who is this person?
Are we in the right...?
I think
we went back too far.
Let me try something.
A huge rumble throughout
the cosmos shook the moon...
and the sun and the stars
in the sky.
And so,
little Alouette flew up
throughout the night.
Did you see her?
It's Alouette.
Get your butts inside,
it's time to eat.
Prepare for takeoff,
Lieutenant Trouble.
Charming memory.
Hang on.
I think I've got it.
Dr. Wendy Lawson.
That's her.
Do we have
her location?
Hold on.
Go back right before this.
Go back.
Now let me see
where you're headed.
That's right.
Look at the coordinates.
Focus.
Open, please.
Focus!
Do we have any information
we can act on?
Just that Lawson was
somewhere on planet C-53.
We're on our way.
Then dig, dig, dig deeper.
Lawson is our link
to that light-speed engine!
And everything we're after.
Oh!
That did something.
Try that again.
Not yet!
What did you do to me?
Now we're just after
a little information.
What did you put in my head?
Nothing that wasn't
already there.
But those aren't my memories.
Yeah, it's like a bad trip,
isn't it?
I'm not surprised
you can't keep it straight.
They really did
a number on you.
Enough of your mind games.
What do you want?
We're looking for the location
of a Dr. Lawson...
and her light-speed engine.
I don't know any Dr. Lawson.
Really?
Then why is she in your head?
Guys,
it's not a good idea
to be out in the open
like this.
Relax, no one's
gonna recognize us.
What, because of hats
and sunglasses?
That's not a disguise, Hank.
We look like ourselves
at a baseball game.
In an isolated system...
particles co-exist in
a stable phase relationship.
If the system
is interfered with,
that stability becomes chaos.
Unpredictable.
Dangerous.
Beautiful.
Isolated completely,
a quantum system
would revert back to
separate states of matter...
each entangled with a distinct
state of its environment.
In other words,
the object in question
would be both
in and out of phase...
with multiple
parallel realities.
Speaking of being
out of phase with reality.
I am noticing an
unusually high number
of glazed eyes out there
among you.
So, why don't we call it
a few minutes early?
That'll be enough for today.
Thank you, ladies
and gentlemen, you may go.
It's incredible.
You're linked to Janet.
It's quantum entanglement
between the quantum states of
Posner molecules
in your brains.
Yeah, that's what
I was thinking.
Do you guys just
put the word "quantum"
in front of everything?
Doctor, we need to
find our lab.
Hope, I'd love to help you...
but I don't have anything
like the equipment
you're describing.
I told you this is a waste
of time. Come on, let's go.
Don't condescend, Hank.
You're the one who's
on the run from the FBI.
All because you
had to grow to a size
that finally fit your ego.
That wasn't me in Germany.
It was this idiot.
Really?
Going that big,
it must've been exhausting.
I slept for three days straight.
You have no idea.
Actually, I do.
Back in the day,
I was Hank's partner
on a project called Goliath.
Excuse me?
You were my partner?
The only thing more tiring
than going that big
is putting up
with Hank's bullshit.
Right...
I don't know.
How big did you get?
My record?
21 feet.
- Not bad.
- You?
I don't...
No, really, I'm curious.
- 65 feet. Yeah.
- Whoa!
- Huge.
- 65.
If you two are finished
comparing sizes...
we need to figure out a way
to track down the lab.
And the great Hank Pym hasn't
figured that one out yet?
Strange.
You had all the answers
back in the day.
That's why I left the project.
Left?
I fired you.
Best decision
I ever made.
Hank was a terrible partner.
Temperamental...
stubborn, impatient.
Sooner or later,
he just pushed everyone away.
Just the mediocrities.
Janet was the only one
who could endure him
and chose to stick it out.
Watch it, Bill.
She paid the price,
though, didn't she?
You son of a bitch.
I didn't come here
to listen to you two squabble.
I'm trying to save my mother.
Now, which office
would you say?
Oh, it's Woo.
Someone must have seen me.
Relax. If this is about you,
they'd be in
your house by now.
What are you, 15?
Come on.
We gotta go right now.
Wait. You might be able to
improvise that tracker...
if you modify
the diffraction units
on one of your regulators.
- That could work.
- I don't know what that means.
Thank you. Thank you.
But, Doctor,
campus police says
they ID'd both Pym
and Van Dyne.
I don't know
what to tell you, Agent.
I haven't talked to Hank
in 30 years.
I can assure you
I'm the last person
he would want to visit.
Oh, come on,
you expect us to...
Hey, hey.
Why is that?
Simple.
We hate each other's guts.
So I'm a terrible partner?
Foster, he hasn't had
one good idea
in his unremarkable career.
But his idea about the
diffractors could work, right?
Fine, one decent idea.
Except, I eliminated
the diffractors
when I upgraded the suits.
So, if we had an old suit,
we might be able
to track down the lab?
Yes, but we don't.
- What if we did?
- What do you mean?
I mean...
life's funny.
Oh, my God.
You didn't destroy the suit.
What?
Well, it was
your life's work, Hank.
I couldn't destroy that.
Before I turned myself in,
I shrunk it down
and mailed it to Luis.
You sent my suit
through the mail?
Hey, the postal service
is very reliable.
You know, they do tracking
numbers now. Like UPS.
Where is it?
It's in a very safe place,
all right? Don't worry.
What, the trophy?
No, it's not here.
What do you mean it's not
there? Where could it be?
I looked everywhere.
It's not here.
Hey, get away from the plant.
But I put it back
after Cassie and I...
Show-and-tell.
Scotty?
No, stop!
Well, the good news is
I know where it is.
Whenever you go
back to school...
isn't everything supposed to
look so much smaller?
This place seems huge.
What is it?
It's the new regulator.
Hank, what's going on
with this suit?
How much of
a work in progress is this?
Uh-oh.
No, no, no.
Oh.
What are you, laughing?
Please, could you just...
Okay, okay.
What do you see?
The sizing coils
are malfunctioning.
Just let me...
Ow!
- Sorry.
- It's all right.
Okay.
All right.
Try that.
Sorry.
What?
Awesome.
If only Cap could see you now.
Hilarious.
What are we gonna do?
Hey!
Where's your hall pass?
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Hey!
Hey. Eh...
You can do it.
You almost got it.
Oh, peanut.
Okay, let's go.
Hiya, champ,
how was school today?
All right, get your jokes out now.
Can you fix the suit?
So cranky.
You want a juice box
and some string cheese?
Do you really have that?
Let's see if
Foster was right.
This has gotta be the lab.
Let's go get it.
Yeah.
This seems right.
Look at us, teaming up
twice in one day.
Makes you think, huh?
About what?
Germany.
What do you mean?
We were working together,
training together...
and other stuffing together.
If I had asked you,
would you have come?
I guess we'll never know.
But I do know one thing.
What?
If I had, you'd have
never been caught.
Hey, Scott.
You think you can stop
daydreaming about my daughter
long enough to get my lab?
- Yes, sir.
- Thank you.
Okay, you're transmitting.
What took you so long?
Sorry, I had to come
up with a name for my ant.
I'm thinking
Ulysses S. Gr-Ant.
You like it?
Hilarious.
I'm not getting anything
on the monitors.
There's some kind of
electronic disturbance.
Be careful.
You know me, Hank.
I'm always careful... Whoa!
It's okay.
It's just the suit.
- How do you know?
- Look.
That's Ghost?
What is she doing?
Do you think
that suit is how
she goes through walls
and stuff?
Let's just get outta
here before she wakes up.
Hope, look!
There's the lab.
Now, we're sure
this is our shrunken building
and not somebody
else's, right?
Just take it, Scott.
Come on, we gotta be fast.
I'll get it.
Oh, shit...
Then why is she in your head?
You guys wouldn't
happen to know
how these things come off,
would ya?
No?
Fine.
Hmm.
Hey.
You leaving so soon?
We're just getting to know
each other.
And how is that
supposed to prove to me
you're not a Skrull?
That's a photon blast.
And?
A Skrull can't do that.
So, a full bird colonel
turned spy
turned S.H.I.E.L.D. agent...
must have pretty high
security clearance.
Where's Pegasus?
Hope. Hope!
Hank.
Guys.
I don't think
they can hear you.
Hi.
I'm Ava.
Scott.
So, you don't need the suit...
to go through things.
No.
It just helps me control it.
And the pain, supposedly.
You're not gonna reach
into my chest
and crush my heart, are you?
You're funny.
I'm not gonna hurt you,
Scott, unless I have to.
I need...
what's in your head.
Let's wake up
the rest of the gang
and get this over with,
shall we?
Get up!
Come on!
Dad?
Don't ever touch him again.
Now, now, Hope...
I think I'm being rather
gentle with your father,
all things considered.
What the hell
are you talking about?
Another casualty
of Hank Pym's ego.
Bill.
What have you done?
It's what you've
done, Dr. Pym.
You're with her?
Oh, man.
I thought you were cool.
What the hell
is going on here?
I doubt Hank has
ever mentioned my father.
Why would he?
Elihas Starr.
They were colleagues
at S.H.I.E.L.D.
Quantum research.
Until my father dare disagree
with the great Hank Pym.
You had him fired.
Oh, and discredited
for good measure.
My father tried to continue
his research on his own.
Desperate to restore his name,
so he took risks.
No, no, no!
Too many.
Until something went wrong.
He told us to run.
Elihas, what's happening?
Just go. Go!
Daddy! Daddy!
I could tell
he was scared.
Daddy!
Ava, no!
I didn't want him
to be alone.
No! No!
When I woke up,
my parents were dead.
I wasn't so lucky.
They call it
"molecular disequilibrium."
A rather dull name, I think.
Doesn't quite do justice
to what it means.
Every cell in my body
is torn apart...
and stitched back together.
Over and over.
Every day.
I was still at S.H.I.E.L.D.
when I got the call
about a quantum anomaly
in Argentina.
Hello, Ava.
My name's Bill.
I was a friend
of your father's.
I brought you something.
It's all right.
Try again.
That's it.
Dr. Foster did his best
to keep me safe.
But others at S.H.I.E.L.D.
saw an opportunity
in my affliction.
They built me
a containment suit,
so I could control my phasing.
And trained me
to be a stealth operative.
They weaponized me.
I stole for them.
Spied for them.
Killed for them.
And in exchange for my soul...
they were going to cure me.
They lied.
When S.H.I.E.L.D. collapsed,
I took Ava in.
I built the chamber
to slow her decay,
but her condition
was progressive.
I didn't know how to cure it.
She wanted to kill you, Hank,
but I told her no...
and that she should
watch you instead.
And sure enough,
she discovered
that you were
building the tunnel.
Then, she told me about Lang.
And the message from Janet
inside his head,
that's when I...
Christ's sake!
That's me. I'm sorry.
Look, can you tell me
who's texting me?
"Cassie, 911."
That's my daughter.
I need to text her back.
No, that's not happening.
What, it's 911.
That means it's an emergency.
You're not making
demands here, Lang.
You're not appreciating
the gravity of the...
Okay, look, she's trying
to video chat me now.
Something might be wrong.
Let me talk to her. Please.
Cassie, are you okay?
What's the emergency?
I can't find my soccer shoes.
What?
I have a game tomorrow.
Hey, Scott,
I know that they're there.
Can you just walk the phone
around the house?
No, I can't do that right now.
- Why not?
- Because I'm sick.
Hey, can you just
maybe look around
later then and call me back?
Please? Thank you.
Bye, Daddy!
- Bye, peanut!
- Feel better!
Feel better, buddy!
I'm sorry.
It said emergency.
Ava, I want to help you.
She doesn't need your help.
I know how to save her.
Oh, really? How?
Janet.
For the last 30 years,
she's been down there
absorbing quantum energy.
We can extract that energy.
We can use it to repair
Ava's molecular structure...
Extract it?
- Yes.
- Are you insane?
That would rip Janet apart.
You don't know that.
I'm gonna fire up your tunnel.
When Janet's location
pops into Lang's head,
he's gonna give it to me...
or I'm gonna turn him over
to the FBI.
What?
You are gonna
stay here...
just in case I need your help.
Like hell I would help you!
You'll do whatever I say.
You're gonna kill Janet!
I'd be more worried
about yourself, Hank.
Goddamn it, Bill!
- Dad?
- Calm down, Hank.
So help me God...
The pills.
It's his heart!
He needs his pills.
Please, Dr. Foster.
They're in the tin. Please.
He could die!
Come on!
Help him!
Dad, just hang on,
all right?
Just keep breathing.
Stay calm.
Help him, man! Come on!
The Altoid tin!
Wait!
Thanks, guys.
Hank!
The entire time I knew Thanos,
he only ever had one goal.
To bring balance
to the universe
by wiping out
half of all life.
He used to kill people
planet by planet,
massacre by massacre.
Including my own.
If he gets all
six Infinity Stones...
he can do it with the snap
of his fingers like this.
You seem to know
a great deal about Thanos.
Gamora is the
daughter of Thanos.
Your father killed my brother.
Oh, boy.
Stepfather, technically.
And she hates him
as much as you do.
Families can be tough.
Before my father died,
he told me that
I had a half-sister...
that he imprisoned in Hel.
And then she returned home
and stabbed me in the eye.
So I had to kill her.
That's life though,
isn't it, I guess.
Goes round and round and...
I feel your pain.
I feel your pain as well,
because...
I mean,
it's not a competition,
but I've been through a lot.
My father killed my mother.
And then I had to
kill my father.
That was hard.
Probably even harder
than having to kill a sister.
Plus, I came out with
both my eyes, which was...
I need a hammer, not a spoon.
How do I open this thing?
Is there some sort of, uh...
A four-digit code, maybe?
Maybe a birthdate.
- Uh, what are you doing?
- Taking your pod.
No, you're not.
You will not be taking
our pod today, sir.
Uh... Quill, are you making
your voice deeper?
- No.
- You are.
You're imitating the god-man.
It's weird.
No, I'm not.
- He just did it again!
- This is my voice.
Are you mocking me?
- Are you mocking me?
- Stop it. You did it again.
He's trying to copy me.
I need you to stop doing that.
- Enough!
- He's doing it first.
We need to stop Thanos.
Which means
we need to find out
where he's going next.
Knowhere.
He must be going somewhere.
No, no. Knowhere?
It's a place.
We've been there. It sucks.
- Excuse me, that's our food.
- Not anymore.
Thor, why would he
go to Knowhere?
Because for years...
the Reality Stone's been
safely stored there
with a man
called the Collector.
If it's with the Collector,
then it's not safe.
Only an idiot would
give that man a stone.
- Or a genius.
- How do you know...
he's not going for
one of the other stones?
There are six stones
out there.
Thanos already has
the Power Stone...
because he stole it last week
when he decimated Xandar.
He stole the Space
Stone from me...
when he destroyed my ship and
slaughtered half my people.
The Time and Mind Stones
are safe on Earth.
They're with the Avengers.
- The Avengers?
- Earth's mightiest heroes.
Like Kevin Bacon?
He may be on the team.
I don't know.
I haven't been there
in a while.
As for the Soul Stone, well,
no one's ever seen that.
No one even knows where it is.
Therefore Thanos can't get it.
Therefore he's going
to Knowhere.
Hence he'll be getting
the Reality Stone.
You're welcome.
Then we have to go
to Knowhere now.
Wrong. Where we have
to go is Nidavellir.
- That's a made-up word.
- All words are made up.
Nidavellir is real?
Seriously?
That place is a legend.
They make the most powerful,
horrific weapons
to ever torment the universe.
I would very much like
to go there, please.
The rabbit is correct
and clearly the smartest
among you.
Rabbit?
Only Eitri the Dwarf can
make me the weapon I need.
I assume you're
the captain, sir.
You're very perceptive.
You seem like a noble leader.
Will you join me
on my quest to Nidavellir?
Let me just ask the captain.
Oh, wait a second, it's me!
- Yeah. I'll go.
- Wonderful!
Uh, except for that
I'm the captain.
Quiet.
- That's my backpack.
- Go sit down.
Look, this is my ship.
And I'm not goin' to...
Wait, what kinda weapon
are we talkin' about here?
The Thanos-killing kind.
Don't you think that we should
all have a weapon like that?
No. You simply lack
the strength to wield them.
Your bodies would crumble
as your minds
collapsed into madness.
Is it weird that I wanna
do it even more now?
Mmm, a little bit, yeah.
If we don't go to Knowhere
and Thanos retrieves
another stone...
he'll be too powerful to stop.
- He already is.
- I got it figured out.
We got two ships
and a large assortment
of morons.
So me and Groot will go
with the pirate angel here.
And the morons
will go to Knowhere
to try to stop Thanos.
- Cool? Cool.
- So cool.
For the record...
I know that
you're going with him
because it's where
Thanos isn't.
You know, you really shouldn't
talk that way
to your captain, Quill.
Come on, Groot.
Put that game down.
You'll rot your brain.
I bid you farewell
and good luck, morons.
Bye.